welcome to outie and Volkswagen of new
and once again really nice 2006 Volvo
s40 this one is stock number P 23 67 and
as you see we do have a inspection in
Jersey good until January of 2014
really sharp car has the ski rack up
there well actually the base bars you
could add anything you'd like to them
and they are from the factory 2.4 liter
very deep trunk 60/40 split their spares
underneath there solid car and of course
Volvo has always been noted for their
safety
nice leather also very durable it's
leather on this one
all of your manuals and extra paperwork
are there this is all so cool now this
goes through
also the key
definitely different even the keyhole is
cool the aluminum around the ring 12 555
16 has that new front
solid-color good on gas these things are
great on the highway to a power seat for
the driver 37,000 miles is nothing
actually might commuter car back and
forth is a Volvo s60 and I have I think
174 now on it they just go forever
manual mode all your controls are here
everything comes out on the screen also
it does have the trip computer in the
middle
those are everything that's going on
doors open stuff like that
tweeters
this one looks like it's awesome and
service that Volvo saw also very good
you need more information give us a call
here at Audi VW Newtons and come down we
have a couple of the Volvo's available